Send your boss to call me out. Princess, someone is looking for you.
Yu, go get busy.
Every time I heard a few words about a charity center, my sister was worried.
I haven’t read a few sentences in a day or a book of Yiyi,
If you accidentally kill someone.
I'm just afraid that if someone says something to me, someone will kill me.
I opened a charity clinic to treat diseases and save people.
But they all say that what kind of people will have what kind of ideas.
Yes, it would kill you to do something all day long.
Could it be that you are this kind of person?
That's not what my sister meant.
The younger sister is just worried about her elder sister's carelessness and her life in the grass.
What if my sister is unhappy?
Sister, accomplice my sister
My sister is unhappy when she looks at me with every eye.
They are all out to do business.
No matter how helpless the guest is,
I won't be angry
But in my store
People who come to cause trouble are never welcome
If my sister doesn’t buy something,
Just please go back
One person, one person, killed my wife
You should kill someone
Oh my wife